- Create a social news aggregation, content rating, and discussion website. Registered users submit content to the site such as text posts, images, and videos, which are then voted up or down by other members. Posts are organized by subject into user-created boards called "communities". Submissions with more upvotes appear towards the top of their communities and, if they receive enough upvotes, ultimately on the site's front page. Administrators moderate the communities.

- Create a social news aggregation, content rating, and discussion website. Registered users submit content that will be saved as a file to the site such as text posts, images, and videos, which are then voted up or down by other members. Text data will be saved using the '.txt' extension, images will be saved as '.img'/'.png'/'.svg', and videos will be saved as '.mp4'. Posts are organized by subject into user-created boards called "communities". Submissions with more upvotes appear towards the top of their communities and, if they receive enough upvotes, ultimately on the site's front page. Administrators moderate the communities.

- Create social news aggregation, content rating and discussion websites. Registered users submit content that will be saved as files to the site such as text posts, images, and videos, which are then voted on or rejected by other members. Text data will be saved using the '.txt' extension, images will be saved as '.img'/'.png'/'.svg', and videos will be saved as '.mp4'. Other members can also comment on posts that are set open for discussion in text, images, or video. Posts are organized by subject into user-generated boards called "communities". Posts with more upvotes appear at the top of their communities and, if they receive enough upvotes, end up on the front page of the site. Administrators moderate the community.
